Congratulations to President Lin
A little gift is no respect
I wish you a happy union in a hundred years
Early birth
Hahaha
Forestry, it seems that I have not misjudged the person.
You were just like us
It's all ordinary people
Now it's the existence that the rest of us sing
Hahaha where where
Can I, Lin Yi, have today?
Thanks to your help and reminders
Without you, I would not be where I am today
imperial decree
Fengtian carried the emperor's edict
Liyi is the president of the six major guilds
Current government and business restructuring
The name of the special seal is the big business official Baiyiping for its six departments
In charge of large and small injuries inside and outside the imperial court
admire this
Lin Yi led the decree
Ouch hahaha
Lin Yi
You are now a first-class official
Don't forget our brothers in the future.
Hahaha, yeah.
Li Yi will rely on you in the future, hahaha husband
You really did it lady
Now I can finally marry you openly
I will guarantee
It will definitely make you prosperous for a lifetime
Fugui I